CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Anyone is welcome to submit PRs and report issues.

## Guidelines for contributions

### Grammar Guidelines

- Any addition to the global grammar will be scrutinized a bit more thoroughly. The more specific a new context, the less scrutiny that is typically applied.
- To reduce the chance of misrecognitions, is strongly preferred to either (1) match an existing command already in use elsewhere in the repository for consistency or (2) introduce a single command for new functionality.
  - New grammars should follow the `<object> <verb>` pattern wherever possible. For example, `"window close"`, `"tab new"`, `"terminal hide"`, etc
  - Pull requests that mainly introduce alternative voice commands may be rejected. This is necessary to avoid introducing additional pain points for existing users of the repository; changing the grammar without any notice is likely to lead to confusion
  - Exceptions to this policy include efforts to reduce common conflicts, and refactors to introduce common commands across multiple applications. In either case, the [deprecation system](https://github.com/knausj85/knausj_talon/blob/main/core/deprecations.py) should be used to warn existing users of the change.
- For new web apps, ensure the domain is used to minimize potential mismatches; see
  https://github.com/knausj85/knausj_talon/blob/main/apps/README.md.
- New applications should use [tags](https://talon.wiki/unofficial_talon_docs/#tags) to support the appropriate generic command grammars where appropriate:
  ```
  core/windows_and_tabs/tabs.talon
  tags/browser/
  tags/find_and_replace/
  tags/line_commands/
  tags/multiple_cursors/
  tags/snippets/
  tags/splits/
  tags/terminal/
  ```

### Coding Guidelines

- New programming languages should support the appropriate generic grammars where possible; see the `lang/tags/` directory.

- For Mac OS X, the bundle id should be used for defining app contexts, rather than the name.

- For Windows, both the friendly app name and exe name should be used for defining app contexts when they are different. For some people, the MUICache breaks.

Commit message:

Rework CONTRIBUTING.md based on PR discussion.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

This document attempts to list a set of principles for contributors to the knausj_talon repository to consider. The idea is to document some agreed upon approaches toward reviewing and including code so we can all more easily make consistent decisions.

Each of the principles is numbered for easy referencing. The body is formatted as a short single-line summary of the principle followed by elaboration and discussion links.

# Voice command principles

* P01 - Prefer [object][verb] rather than [verb][object] for new commands. For example 'file save' is better than 'save file'. It may not sound as natural, but it helps for grouping related commands in lists and avoiding conflicting names.
* P02 - Use `browser.host` matcher for web apps. Though this matcher requires a [browser extension](https://github.com/knausj85/knausj_talon/blob/main/apps/README.md) on some operating systems it is the only unambiguous way of referring to a web app.

# Coding principles

* P03 - Use the `app.bundle` matcher for apps on OSX. This is the least ambiguous way of referring to a particular program.
* P04 - Use both `app.name` and `app.exe` matchers for apps on Windows. That is the context should OR together one matcher of each type. Apparently the [MUICache](https://www.magnetforensics.com/blog/forensic-analysis-of-muicache-files-in-windows/) can break, perhaps making one of these matchers stop working.
