core/README.md, before:

# core

This folder contains `edit_settings.talon`, which has a command to open various [settings](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#settings) files. As an overview of what commands the subfolders contain:

- `abbreviate` has a command for the use of abbreviations
- `app_switcher` does not have commands but has the implementation of functions that allow for switching between applications
- `edit` has commands for navigating and editing text with copy, paste, etc., as well as commands for zooming in and out
- `file_extension` has a command for simpler spoken forms of file and website name extensions
- `help` has commands to open various help menus, as described in the top level [README](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started-with-talon)
- `homophones` has commands to replace words with their homophones
- `keys` has commands for [pressing keys](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#keys)
- `modes` has commands for switching between dictation, command, and sleep mode, as well as for forcing a certain [programming language](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#programming-languages) mode
- `mouse_grid` has commands to use a grid on the screen to click at a specific location
- `numbers` has the command for writing a number
- `screens` has a command for talon to show the index associated with each of your computer screens for the sake of moving windows to different screens
- `snippets` has commands for inserting snippets of code for various languages
- `text` has commands for inserting and reformatting text
- `vocabulary` has commands for adding new words to be recognized and for having certain words automatically by replaced by others
- `websites_and_search_engines` has commands for opening websites, following links, and making browser searches
- `windows_and_tabs` has commands for tab and [window management](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#window-management), launching and switching between different applications, and snapping application windows to different locations on the screen

Commit message:

Added contacts feature, documented in core/contacts/README.md.

core/README.md, after:

# core

This folder contains `edit_settings.talon`, which has a command to open various [settings](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#settings) files. As an overview of what commands the subfolders contain:

- `abbreviate` has a command for the use of abbreviations
- `app_switcher` does not have commands but has the implementation of functions that allow for switching between applications
- `contacts` has captures for inserting contact information including name and email.
- `edit` has commands for navigating and editing text with copy, paste, etc., as well as commands for zooming in and out
- `file_extension` has a command for simpler spoken forms of file and website name extensions
- `help` has commands to open various help menus, as described in the top level [README](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started-with-talon)
- `homophones` has commands to replace words with their homophones
- `keys` has commands for [pressing keys](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#keys)
- `modes` has commands for switching between dictation, command, and sleep mode, as well as for forcing a certain [programming language](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#programming-languages) mode
- `mouse_grid` has commands to use a grid on the screen to click at a specific location
- `numbers` has the command for writing a number
- `screens` has a command for talon to show the index associated with each of your computer screens for the sake of moving windows to different screens
- `snippets` has commands for inserting snippets of code for various languages
- `text` has commands for inserting and reformatting text
- `vocabulary` has commands for adding new words to be recognized and for having certain words automatically by replaced by others
- `websites_and_search_engines` has commands for opening websites, following links, and making browser searches
- `windows_and_tabs` has commands for tab and [window management](https://github.com/talonhub/community?tab=readme-ov-file#window-management), launching and switching between different applications, and snapping application windows to different locations on the screen
